Musicwhore.org Wordpress
========================

Musicwhore.org Wordpress is the Wordpress installation that powers the Musicwhore.org family of weblogs: Musicwhore.org, Filmwhore.org, and Tvwhore.org.

Filmwhore.org and Tvwhore.org are currently not updated.

History
-------

Musicwhore.org was previously managed by a combination of Movable Type and a custom content management system developed in CodeIgniter.

At the time Musicwhore.org was launched, Movable Type and other such blogging software weren't robust enough for the needs of the site. So Movable Type was treated as a content store while Codeigniter handled integration with external database.

After years of accruing technical debt, the Musicwhore.org blogs were migrated to Wordpress, with a custom plugin and theme handling the external database integration.

About this repository
---------------------

The repository contains the full installation of Wordpress alongside third-party plugins and my own customizations (themes, plugins, etc.).

Content of the uploads directory is excluded, as well as the ``wp-config.php`` file.

Updates to Wordpress are pulled from the Wordpress Github repo and pushed here. Plugin updates are also reflected in this repo.

Customizations
--------------

Movable Type ID Mapper
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Because of some unconventional design decisions, URLs in entries imported from Movable Type do not map to their Wordpress counterparts.

This plug-in parses a URL for a Movable Type entry ID then uses the imported base name as a pivot to make the correct redirect in Wordpress.

Musicwhore Artist Connector
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Musicwhore Artist Connector connects to the database that powers the artist directory in the Musicwhore.org Archive. A custom theme uses template tags generated by the plugin.

The connector provides artist information, discography and related posts.

If discography information is associated with an Amazon ASIN number, a query to the Amazon Affiliate Marketing API provides additional product information.
